Once monsieur finds out
it was my light that
torched that dress...
I'm guessing my days here
are pretty much numbered.
A body has been found on the
rear corner of your property.
Buried in a shallow grave.
PAUL: You thought this
was the best place to hide
your stupid mistake?
I thought there was
no-one out there.
Except a curious dog
and a morbid little girl.
-My mother
killed that sailor.
-I already knew that.
-(BLADE SLICES)
-Does Claude know?
Promise me he'll never know.
If I can ever be helpful,
don't hesitate to ask.
That's a nice pen.
Special gift.
The Germans replaced the gold
band with ivory during
the war, and that was ivory.
I saw you yesterday -
in church.
I don't go to church.
We introduced him
to a very lovely couple.
The adoption will soon
be formalised.
-Where's the money?
-I'll hold on to that.
-You don't think
things through, Nina.
-It's my money.
-I want it back.
-You can't buy back
what's no longer yours.
No man is interested in
raising someone else's child.
-Bravo!
-(CHEERING)
Bravo!
Enjoy your moments.
They never get as good
as this again.
I need to tell you something.
Who the hell do you think
you're talking to?
Do you want me to tell Claude
who you really are?
Because I will. I will!
* I love Paris
* In the springtime
* In the fall
* I love Paris
* In the winter
* When it drizzles
* Say, I love Paris
* In the summer
when it sizzles *
* I love Paris
* Why, oh, why
do I love Paris? *
* Because my love
* Is near
Bravo!
(CAMERA SHUTTER CLICKS)
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
(REMEMBERS) Bravo!
Can you tell me about your
first time at the property?
I was there
less than an hour.
The agent showed me
many that morning.
-But you made
an offer right away?
-It was charming.
And felt a million kilometres
from Paris.
Well, certainly the Paris
that you travel in.
If you don't mind
my asking...
was that Rita Hayworth
I saw yesterday?
-I guess it was.
-But you must know her?
* Put the blame on me
I don't get to the cinema
very often, Inspector.
Of course.
Why should you buy a ticket
when these lovely ladies
disrobe for you
free of charge?
Have you entertained any
guests out at the cottage?
Other than your wife.
Have you already interviewed
someone on my staff?
Victor Bastide.
He's the only one at
the atelier who's aware
of my personal affairs.
Then you have
entertained a guest?
I've had a recent liaison.
But I've never brought her
to the cottage. Never.
Have you loaned
the place to anyone else
since you purchased it?
My mother and brother
stayed out there
for a few nights last month.
Ah. That might explain
the voices.
The little girl next door
claimed to overhear
an argument
in the dead of night.
Woke her up.
What were they arguing about?
It's unclear.
This child's not
the most reliable witness.
May I ask when it began,
this liaison?
It's a new development.
Do you anticipate this taking
much longer, Inspector?
I have a very busy day ahead.
Interviews--
May I have a contact number
for your mother?
And your brother.
I may have to speak
to them both.
(LIVELY CHATTER)
I hope you don't think
I'm prying.
I never breathe
when I can pant.
I just want to know
everything.
Where did you go
after the show?
-I went home.
-Oh.
Private party. Who with?
My mother.
Then I drank some warm milk
and fell into bed.
Oh, God! Please hold on to
that for as long as you can.
And the freckles.
Your mother
must be very proud.
Pardon, madame. The
magazine's photographer
has concept boards for--
Forget the boards.
The concept is sitting
right here.
You could shoot this girl
anywhere.
This was on my desk. One of
the girls took the message.
Fan mail already?
If you'll excuse me.
I must go.
Don't say yes to him
till I've seen the ring.
Anything less than ten carats
is impolite.
-Nina.
-I can't talk right now.
-What's wrong?
-Nothing. I um...
I'll find you later.
What's all this, then?
Pictures from the show?
I haven't developed anything
from yesterday.
Really? I figured
you'd be up all night
in your little dark room.
Oh, I was up all night
in my little hotel room,
pacing.
Monsieur Sabine left
a message. He wanted to see
me first thing this morning.
-And what did he say?
-He hasn't yet.
He's probably still
figuring out my bill
for nearly torching
the place.
It's fine. I've already
put the word out.
"Got camera.
Will work for food."
That's too bad. I was looking
forward to more adventures.
So was I.
I had this plan for a shoot
at the Place de la Concorde,
on roller skates.
I don't even know
if Nina skates or not.
Good luck, Billy.
You'll be missed.
I told him
that it looked like
someone had been out there
before your family arrived.
You mentioned
the glass in the sink?
And the back window was open.
What did you say when
he asked why you waited
so long to step forward?
I didn't want to say anything
that would compromise you...
-or hurt your wife.
-Well done.
When will they talk
to your brother?
Hmm?
Oh, don't worry about that.
Will I have to speak
to him again?
Hopefully not.
If I wasn't there
with a guest, then...
some local thug broke into
the place to meet his victim.
That's what I said.
Could have been anyone.
You don't have to do his job,
Victor. Let him do the maths.
(MEN LAUGHING
AND WATER SPLASHING)
(TELEPHONE RINGING)
Claude?
-(MEN LAUGHING IN BACKGROUND)
-Claude?
* CHARLES TRENET:
Quand Descend Le Soir
* Quand descend le soir
* Je vais seul m'asseoir
* Sur le banc de bois
* Mais tu n'es pas là
Paul will be thrilled.
Who wouldn't want Bergdorf's
in their corner?
Me. Who's calling
from New York?
Marjorie spoke to
Harper's Bazaar.
Why? We have
an exclusive on your husband.
It's not a cover, Eliette.
It's just hosting
a small event.
Bergdorf's would like
to do a little tease.
So does Rita Hayworth.
She scribbled her number
on a sheet of toilet paper
and handed it to me.
Is that an American custom?
I couldn't tell if it was
her phone number
or her measurements.
I would hope you'd know
the difference, Maman.
Where is this calling card?
Did you flush it?
Miss Hayworth's already
phoned this morning
and made an appointment.
New York will have to wait.
Right now, Paris is calling.
The bell on your telephone
is practically hoarse. Even
the wife's had to answer it.
I offered but dear Helen
got there first,
before I could
leap over the desk.
Charlotte.
Would you mind taking these
up to the studio, please?
-(PHONE RINGS)
-No. You get that, darling.
I'll get one of my girls
to do it.
CHARLOTTE: Paul Sabine.
How can I help you?
Have you spoken to Claude
since last night?
I tried but there was
no answer.
Try again.
You need to speak to him.
I'm sorry to interrupt.
You said first thing
in the morning.
I did. But I was called into
another appointment across
town. We'll talk over there.
CHARLOTTE: He'd be
happy to see you, I'm sure.
We're looking forward
to seeing you.
What was the appointment
across town?
No idea.
Monsieur Sabine, I only set
that light up over there
to get the best possible--
-It's done.
-But I will pay you back.
-Once I land something else--
-Last night was
a learning curve, Billy.
For everyone.
What? Are you saying
you still want me to be here?
There's an elaborate layout
being shot here this week.
Eliette's photographer
is going to need help.
-You want us both to shoot?
-No. I said he needs help.
Setting up props, lighting.
Positioning the girls.
Whatever's necessary.
Sure.
Do you want me to print the
rolls from yesterday or...?
That can wait.
You missed a button.
Charlotte, I'd like to see
my diary, please.
Yes, of course. Certainly.
(BIRDSONG)
Was this the best place
to meet?
It's the only place I knew
that was in between.
Here.
Did you find out their name,
the couple that have him?
Please. Look,
it's already been a month.
-The longer he's with them--
-It's only been
a couple of days, Nina.
What?
He was only just adopted.
-When you came back
to the convent--
-He was there?
But the Mother Abbess
told me--
She wanted to protect him.
And you.
I don't need her protection.
I need a name.
Who has him?
Those records are
locked in a cabinet in
the Mother Abbess's office.
Then what are you doing here?
I want to help you.
I know how badly
you want to see him.
It might be easier for you
to get him back if you had
the father's support.
Or his family's.
Or at least
your mother's support.
Do you have that?
Nina, Mother Abbess believes
she's doing what's best
for the children.
Does she?
I never even saw her
pick one up.
She doesn't.
She never did with me.
I'll get you a name.
Let's meet here again.
(CHATTER)
You must be Billy.
I'm Lewis Hayes.
-You work for Jour de Mode?
-Guess again.
Saturday Evening Post.
-You called Charlie Fennan,
looking for work?
-Right. Yeah.
-Yeah.
-Damn.
Every floor you climb,
the birds just get prettier.
-Who's on the roof?
-I'm shocked
you got past Charlotte.
-Which one's Charlotte?
-Oh, you'd remember her.
Ground floor.
Makes Garbo look friendly.
-If I'm keeping you
from your work--
-No, you're not.
I offered my services,
but...
they said
they couldn't use me.
-Are you a reporter?
-Novelist.
But I'm helping some buddies
start a magazine.
We scraped together
enough for a photographer.
But... now that I
see your setup...
this may not be so tempting.
Where do I sign up?
-Do you want some breakfast?
-I had mine.
Before I had lunch.
Who's that from?
The silent partner?
This is from me.
Trouvier could barely
offer an apology.
I was hoping to introduce you
to him after the show, but...
...I turned around
and you were gone.
I had to feed my cat.
We have six orders placed
for the wedding gown.
Mm? Charlotte just has to
make sure none of the brides
get married
in the same country.
-Shall we open this?
-What for?
What for? We did it, Claude.
Our name is on the lips of
every last fashion reporter
in Paris.
Eliette's given us
her next cover...
cleared out Le Cinq
this afternoon so the press
could lick our feet.
And New York
wants a taste, too.
Every outfit we showed
was ordered.
Every single one.
Rita Fucking Hayworth
is scribbling her name
on our toilet paper.
The stars are finally aligned
and we've got more...
You can use the bedroom.
Didn't realise
you weren't alone.
We'll do this later.
Or... share this
with your friend.
I'm gonna need
more than that.
Hm?
I want to be
at the press conference.
Sat at the table.
Claude, you're gonna have
your hands full
just ordering supplies.
That's not
what I'm asking for.
(COIN DROPS ON FLOOR)
We'll talk about this later.
I just want to sit
at the table.
You never wanted that.
-I do now.
-Careful what you wish for.
The press conference
is at five o'clock.
You may not want your guest
to hang around for breakfast.
The next knock on your door
might be a detective.
There's an investigation
out at the cottage.
They found a body
buried in a shallow grave.
What the hell
are you talking about?
Evidently,
it's not that unusual.
Small town, vigilantes.
There are advantages to not
sitting at the table, Claude.
MOTHER ABBESS:
"We received a note
from your daughter Nina."
NUN: He was
only just adopted.
MOTHER ABBESS:
"Her note was accompanied by
a gift for our convent. Cash.
The child has found
a suitable and loving home.
But I would ask that you turn
to prayer and not interfere
with God's plan.
This donation,
as much as we appreciate it,
cannot be accepted."
(REMEMBERED VOICES)
"I can't help but feel
that your daughter sent this
for reasons
other than charity.
We know this is a difficult
time for your daughter.
-Turn to prayer..."
-...and not interfere...
-I want to help you.
-...cannot be accepted.
...a gift for our convent...
and not interfere
with God's plan.
Ladies and gentlemen,
fashion has to reflect
the times we're living in.
Monsieur Sabine understands
that we've lost something
that we need
as much as oxygen.
Hope.
-I'm not speaking
out of turn?
-Not at all.
Every new collection
begins with a conversation.
This one began
with my lovely wife,
whose desire
to feel feminine again
served as my inspiration.
Yes, but your genius
is understanding
that every woman -
including the working girl
on the street -
shares this desire.
Monsieur Sabine proves that
by plucking a lowly
seamstress from his atelier
and placing her
front and centre.
That's what's revolutionary
about this collection.
-I never intended
a revolution.
-(LAUGHTER)
I just thought it was time
we closed the chapter
on austerity, making do.
But choosing that
young woman projects
the spirit of the hour.
If a common girl
can slip into the right dress
and become a princess,
well, that confirms the
social relevance of fashion.
There's nothing common
about her!
What's common
is believing a pretty frock
gives you class. It doesn't.
Eliette's point is well made.
A young girl like that
just wants a scarf,
a handbag, a lipstick,
that makes her believe
that romance is waiting
around every corner.
(CHATTER)
What are those for?
Monsieur wanted me
to wear those
for the magazine shoot.
Oh.
Leave that one.
The sleeve is torn.
Juliette will bring it
downstairs when it's ready.
Charlotte said you rushed out
early this morning
for an appointment.
I just...
...needed to take a walk.
I've barely left this
building for days.
-I wanted to sit in the park.
-Alone?
I had a feeling...
you might have gone
to meet somebody.
Maybe you wanted to be
with someone your own age.
And who would that be?
I don't know.
(SIGHS)
This is yours.
You did earn it.
After last night...
I expect you'll be
earning a lot more.
You've been given a gift,
Nina.
You can use this to forget
about past mistakes
and move on.
Not when you see him
every day.
See who?
Who do you see every day?
-You told me
Monsieur Sabine--
-It's Claude.
What?
(LAUGHS)
Stop.
Stop laughing!
I have to laugh.
I thought you were safe.
All this time
I've been angry with you,
when I should have been
angry with me.
Me trusting him.
Trusting he will
never touch you.
He doesn't like women that
way. He's safe. He's safe.
Who initiated this?
You or him?
Well, you weren't this angry
when you thought
it was his brother.
Why would you do this?
What were you thinking?
You can't possibly
hate yourself that much.
(CHATTER STOPS)
(LIVELY CHATTER)
CLAUDE: Another.
You might want to
pace yourself.
We've been invited back to
Eliette's for cocktails.
Mm-hm.
Fun. Is mine gonna be
served in a dog bowl?
Claude, she is a huge fan.
I know.
Until she's not, because
there's a new magazine
on the rack every month.
Can I get another one,
please?
I don't need her permission.
You know,
it's never sat right with me,
this arrangement
between the two of you.
But I learned
from my first marriage
that no-one on the outside
has the right to judge.
Claude, I love you both.
And I've just come to believe
that...
...maybe it's worked this far
because you and your brother
are driven by completely
different impulses.
You want the world to match
what's swirling round
in your head, and...
...Paul... I don't know.
Sometimes I think Paul
just wants to even the score.
Even what score?
He'll never have
what you have.
Your mother reminds him of
that every chance she gets.
You took the long way
to the powder room.
Oh. I'll just be a minute.
No rush. I've told Eliette
we'll do cocktails
another time.
I've got plenty to do
back at the office.
I don't understand.
Did Eliette invite Claude?
Or was that Helen's idea?
Monsieur just asked me
to arrange a car
to pick up his brother.
You'd think Monsieur
would be tired of giving
so many interviews.
-Didn't he start his day
with one?
-I'm not sure.
Well, he should stop talking
and let the clothes
speak for themselves.
Fortier?
Why do I know that name?
Red-headed lady.
Didn't I meet her last night?
Came with a gentleman.
Tall, silver-haired.
He was distinguished.
She looked like something
checked out of a doll
hospital - prematurely.
I'm not familiar with her.
Perhaps a friend
of Marjorie Sutter.
Not the lady I'm thinking of.
You've written that name
three times, dear.
(PHONE RINGS)
Paul Sabine.
This is Charlotte speaking.
I'm afraid not. He's
already left for the day.
Monsieur has left as well.
She is, actually. Would you
like to speak with her?
It's a gentleman for you,
madame.
Inspector Bompard.
Where have you been?
Never met a locked door
you couldn't pick, have you?
That detective stopped by.
He wants to interview me.
Tomorrow.
He's not as stupid
as he looks.
-Did you tell him that?
-He'll be calling in Claude
next.
-Yes, he might.
-We can't let that happen.
There's only so much
I can do, Maman.
I'm still playing catch-up,
remember?
You need to pay him off
before he questions
your brother.
You want me to bribe
the Inspector?
Why not? You've got
cash coming in now.
Offer him a piece of
the business if you have to.
-That's not gonna happen
-Paul.
The war's over! We're not
selling off our future.
What future?
How can they crown you
if you don't have a head?
My head's not gonna be
the one on the block.
You won't walk away
smelling any better than me.
-I can promise you that.
-Stop strategising.
Your thoughts only get you
in more trouble.
-What is your plan?
-Go home, Maman.
Let me do my work.
(DOOR OPENS)
(DOOR CLOSES)
(BIRDSONG)
(TIN CANS GENTLY CLATTERING)
(DOG BARKING IN DISTANCE)
GIRL: Manou! Manou!
Come back!
Manou! Manou! Come back!
BOMPARD: So you're convinced
there were intruders?
I'm convinced that whoever
owned that cottage
before my son
had some unfinished business.
Are you relying on intuition,
madame, or evidence?
That place is haunted.
The floors
grab at your heels,
the walls have eyes.
I couldn't wait to leave.
During your stay,
did you discover
anything that suggested
an actual stranger
had been in the house?
We had to step over a rotting
carcass to get inside.
This was no Easter Bunny,
Inspector.
That animal
had been savagely killed
and left there as a warning.
Who do you think
left it there?
It wasn't a fox.
It was a "gift" from someone
who didn't want us there.
I begged my son
not to buy that place.
He dismissed me
as a superstitious old fool.
But the cards never lie!
-The cards?
-The Tower card was upright.
That always spells disaster.
-May I show you?
-Uh... That's not necessary,
madame.
Perhaps,
if you have the stomach
to look at some photographs
of the victim?
I'm trying to construct
an identity with very few
puzzle pieces.
Inspector,
the world we can't see
is much more revealing
than the one we can.
Come back! Stop!
Come back! Bad boy.
Bad!
Sorry, monsieur.
I tried to stop him.
You needn't bother.
He probably enjoyed it
more than I would have.
I only lick the plate
when it's cake.
-Are you a gendarme?
-No. I'm the new owner.
But I haven't stayed here
long enough
to brush my teeth.
Do you live next door?
I'm not allowed
past those trees any more.
Maman gets very cross.
Oh, yes. That's right.
There's been some trouble.
Are you... Josette?
-How do you know that?
-Lucky guess.
You met my little brother
Claude.
He's not little.
(LAUGHS) No, you're right.
Not so much any more.
But I happen to know he was
very taken with your castle.
-I've shut it down.
-That's a shame.
-Did it have a drawbridge?
-And a moat, too.
But it's all gone now.
I haven't been back since
they took Heinrich away.
-Heinrich?
-My prisoner.
It's the only German name
I know.
Is "Gustav" German?
I think it is.
Did you have
more than one prisoner?
No. But somebody else tried
to hide in there with him.
He came one night
and pounded on the door.
They were screaming
at each other.
But Heinrich
wouldn't let him in.
He may have been hiding there
for the whole war.
That's what
my grandfather says.
Makes sense.
Be a very good hiding place,
wouldn't it?
(DOOR OPENS)
-Hello.
Would you like some of this?
What? No.
I don't blame you. It's been
by the radiator all day.
It's more like a baked apple.
Why did you pretend it wasn't
you who I saw in church?
Maybe I didn't want
to be seen.
Is that just there or...
all the time?
I know what they say
about you, Victor.
But I don't care.
It doesn't matter to me.
The war is over.
We've all done things
we regret.
Some of us more than others.
Well, as my grandmam
likes to say,
"Every angel has a past.
Every sinner has a future."
It's never too late
for people to change.
* CHARLES TRENET:
Pic Pic Pic
* Pic, pic, pic,
qui frappe à ma porte?
More right. More.
A bit more. Come on.
Good.
Mm. I think we have a winner.
Oh, I love that.
(SNIFFS) Mm. It's bright.
Clean. Very distinctive.
Oh, don't look at me.
I can still smell the taxi
driver that brought me here.
Please.
Put some on your wrists.
-Actually, I'm wearing--
-I know what you're wearing,
madame. We created it.
It has an earthy note.
It plays on the jasmine
but doesn't smother it.
It reminds me of something.
-Fresh lingerie.
-Yes. That, too.
I think it's perfect
for this collection.
It's sophisticated but still
delicate and youthful.
Spray my fan, would you?
-Sorry?
-My fan. Spray it.
Oh, where the hell is it?
Please don't tell me
I left it in that fetid taxi.
Whole chunks of my brain
gone for ever and ever.
-I can get you another fan,
madame.
-Thank you.
PHOTOGRAPHER:
Three, two, one.
Claude. The Cassatts
have made us a wonderful
new fragrance.
This is Monsieur Cassatt's
son, Cesar.
-Pleased to meet you.
-Me too. Pleased.
When will it be ready?
Once my husband has chosen
the design for the bottle,
when can the maison
expect a prototype?
Two...three weeks.
What do you think?
(SNIFFS)
Yeah. It has a certain
carnal appeal.
PAUL: You don't
sound convinced.
-No, I am.
It smells like...
lilacs...
served up in
the right pair of knickers.
I bet you're terribly
relieved you didn't marry
that brother.
Maurice, darling!
-Mm?
-The single
on Monsieur Sabine.
Of course.
Hadn't noticed
this one before.
I must have been lost in
the wallpaper on his chest.
I don't usually
make deliveries.
Are you looking for a tip?
(LAUGHS) Only if I earn it.
-I'd like to see you again.
-You sure that's a good idea?
I came back, didn't I?
What?
Are you angry
I wasn't completely honest
the first time I visited?
I'm just fascinated
by the lengths some people
will go to to be dishonest.
Lock that door
and I'll make it up to you.
I'm good at apologies.
(LOCK CLICKS)
(LIVELY JAZZ)
Look to me.
Good.
Now the face.
One more.
That's great. Thank you.
(TUNE FINISHES)
(APPLAUSE)
(NEW TUNE PLAYS)
Get a shot of your friend?
-Oh. No. God, no.
-But you know her.
-Of course.
-Then share her.
Come on, man. Introduce me.
Look,
she's with people and...
it's not so simple,
all right?
It's a long story. All right?
Her name's Dominique.
-Dominique?
-Mm.
Damn. That's not a story,
that's a poem.
-What are you doing?
-Get us a refill.
-Invite her over.
-No...
Oh, Jesus, Billy!
You're half way out of there.
Take a souvenir. For me.
All right.
Hey, keep the change.
All right?
Where have I seen you before?
I don't forget a pretty face.
-Wait. Where's my bag?
-What?
-My camera was hanging
on this chair. Where is it?
-Easy, man.
No. Where is my bag?
It was hanging
on the back of this chair.
Oh!
Oh, fuck!
-I got a friend who can loan
you a camera.
-I don't want another camera!
I want my camera. He hired
some goon to steal it so he
could get me out of here.
-Who?
-He couldn't fire me.
That would be too obvious.
-Billy?
-There were three rolls from
the show in that bag, Lewis.
That's why he didn't
want me to develop them.
He's planned this so when he
finally does ask, I'll look
like an incompetent jackass
-who doesn't know
how to button his shirt.
-We talking about your boss?
He's keeping me around so I
have to crawl back and beg
him not to blackball me.
Who's gonna hire me
after this? Rossi was right.
What was he doing
during the war?
Why did he stay in Paris?
If you thought
this guy was playing you,
why have you stuck around?
Has this got something to do
with that girl on the roof?
Nina?
Stop bringing her up. She's
got nothing to do with this.
Bullshit. I'm betting
she's the reason
you're still standing here.
I had that camera
since I was 17 years old.
It's a hunk of metal.
You didn't lose your eyes.
Nobody knows
what they're walking into.
Shoot.
When I got here, they were
still taking down signs...
in German.
Everybody's still looking
over their shoulders...
wondering who they can trust.
Who pointed the finger?
Who didn't?
The cat you work for is more
nervous about his neighbours
than some kid who came
to capture the light.
That is what you came for,
isn't it?
Soft, grey skies?
Everything
slightly out of focus.
If you wanted transparency,
you'd be in fucking
Cleveland.
(CANS GENTLY CLATTERING)
What did my mother want?
Why was she badgering you?
Some nonsense
about a guest at the show.
She wasn't satisfied
with my answer...
so she offered
to read my cards.
-(SHE LAUGHS)
-Careful.
That's how she tenderises
before she eats you.
Mm.
I've been trapped
in a fitting room
with worse than her.
I'm quick with a hanger.
What just happened?
Bompard may be
calling you as well.
Why?
I've never been out there.
I told him that.
But he's looking
to catch me in a lie.
So what would you
like me to say?
The truth.
May I go with you
to New York?
-I'm not going.
-Because of Eliette?
Bompard.
He won't let me leave Paris
until his investigation's
further along.
Well, that's a shame.
There's so many people there
wanting to meet you.
How come you haven't
asked me about it?
-About what?
-The body at the cottage.
Do you think I had
anything to do with it?
No.
It never crossed my mind.
(KEYS RATTLE)
(EXHALES SHARPLY)
(KEYS RATTLING)
Hey. What are you doing here?
Aren't they shooting
that magazine spread today?
What's happened?
Nina, what's wrong?
Erm...
I need a place to live.
Is your mother
all turned out about
that modelling business?
It's not that. It's just...
I need to be on my own.
I can't... share a room
with her any more.
It's just...
Well, I suppose if you can
tolerate seeing Dominique
without her war paint,
you could always spend
a few nights in her tub.
Something better
will come up.
I'll ask around.
We will figure this out,
Nina. I promise.
I should go. I'm late.
This was just dropped off
for you.
Has Monsieur
spoken to you yet?
No. Why?
He was wondering
if you'd seen Nina.
-She was supposed to
be here an hour ago.
-I don't know.
Wait! Who dropped this off?
Wait. Where's the film?
(CORK POPS)
That's impressive.
Where'd you bag this?
On safari?
On flea market.
Oh.
Mm.
Nice.
Oh, and the chipped china
really brings out
the vintage.
Yeah, sorry.
Couldn't find a glass.
It's either these or my boot.
Something happen
with your bride?
-Hm?
-The girl from the show
who was here earlier.
Another house
trying to steal her away?
No. We wouldn't
let that happen.
I can see why.
She was a knockout.
Certainly showcased
your brother's talent.
I imagine when you find
someone who inspires you--
She inspires me.
I'm the talent.
-I know all about
your talents.
-No, you don't.
No-one does.
Well, maybe you should
change that.
Toot your own horn a bit.
Although I don't know
why you'd want to.
All that attention
is such a burden.
Flying under the radar
is much more fun.
You can get drunk
before lunch.
I don't get it.
It doesn't make sense.
The desk clerk
didn't send it to the maison.
Maybe it was the night shift.
It's got your name
in the bag.
Well,
why did they take my film?
Could've fallen out.
It could still be under
one of those sticky tables.
Wait, Lewis. That's him.
That's the guy.
-Billy, sit down. Sit down!
-That is the goon
Sabine hired to shadow me.
That goon is following me,
not you.
He's American.
Look at the shoes.
Sit down.
Why's he following you?
Cos I'm starting a rag
with two writers
who support the communists
who are part of
the government here.
The White House sees that
as one step away from Moscow.
(LAUGHS) Don't want us
smuggling radical French
ideas into our poetry.
Lewis, that guy
was in the bar last night--
And he'll be here tomorrow.
As long as I am.
Billy, the Government
of National Unity here
won't last.
This country's on the verge
of a civil war.
He wants to make sure
I'm on the right side of it.
This is about a lot more
than pretty dresses.
(MUSIC MUFFLES SPEECH)
And... beautiful.
If you'd be so kind
as to simply centralise
yourself here...
He doesn't like women
that way. He's safe.
It might be easier for you
to get him back if you had
the father's support.
-(THEY CHUCKLE)
-You can't possibly
hate yourself that much.
I'm not a chair!
Well...
Who blew out her pilot light?
The week might've
caught up with her.
-If you could show...
-Hey.
(WHISPERS) This is
obviously awful but...
keep that dress on.
I got an idea with roller
skates. Do you skate?
OK. Downhill only. But
I'll keep hold of the belt
and I'll have one hand free
to take shots from behind.
(SOFTLY) Inspector Bompard
is in your office.
Inspector.
Did we have an appointment?
We did not. I hope
you'll forgive the intrusion.
That's fine.
But why's my mother here?
I asked to be here.
Claude couldn't be reached.
Has there been some
development in the case?
We found new evidence
that shed some light
on the victim's identity.
That little girl next door
was more insightful
than we thought.
-Was she?
-Yes.
We found a personal item
inside the barn
that might've belonged
to the victim.
A fountain pen.
Certainly substantiates that
he was very likely a German.
Possibly hiding
in the countryside for years.
Your instincts were spot on,
too, Maman.
Those walls did have eyes.
(LAUGHS WEAKLY)
Thank you, Inspector.
No. Thank you.
I'm sorry we had to
trouble you with this.
PAUL: It's no trouble at all.
(DOOR OPENS AND CLOSES)
(CHATTER)
Billy.
Get your camera.
I've asked Eliette
to let you take this shot.
(LAUGHS) Monsieur Sabine...
Ah, thank you.
OK. All right. That's nice.
Monsieur Sabine,
could you just...
Great. Hold that.
ELIETTE: Perfect.
The mighty sorcerer
surrounded by
all his apprentices.
BILLY: Really great.
OK. Really nice. Keep
your eyes to me. Everybody.
Here we go.
Wait just here.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org